index.md, before:

---
title: Music Reviews
feature_image: "https://images.pexels.com/photos/105854/pexels-photo-105854.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=2"
---

### Jennifer Knapp: Kansas 25

![Image](/assets/images/jenniferknapp.jpg)

_Kansas 25_ is an acoustic reimagination 25 years later of Knapp's debut album, _Kansas_. She has taken quite a journey both professionally and personally in those years. A constant is the beauty and distinctfulness of her her voice, as she lays down folk rock sound on point and on every song.

[Read More](/reviewposts/jenniferknappKansas25.md)

<hr/>

### Linkin Park: From Zero

Linkin Park explodes back onto the scene with tunes that will have fans jumping and singing along during sold out live shows.

[Read More](/reviewposts/linkinparkfromzero.md)

<hr/>

### Halflives: Inferno

Catchy and captivating tunes will have you hooked on Halflives while tension grips you until it lets you go.

[Read More](/reviewposts/halflivesReviewSpotlight.md) | [Artist Spotlight](/spotlightposts/halflivesSpotlight.md)

Commit message:

Branch zahna (#8)
* Upload zahna pics

* Update index.md

* Update reviews.md

* Update social.md

index.md, after:

---
title: Music Reviews
feature_image: "https://images.pexels.com/photos/105854/pexels-photo-105854.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=2"
---
![Image](/assets/images/zahna_pills.png)

### Zahna: Pile of Pills (single)

"Pile of Pills" is one of the heaviest tunes that Zahna has ever released. According to an interview with Zahna, i was written at a time that she was "in a chaotic stage of survival." The song is written for those who are just trying to get through, and provides an anger and stress relief through the screams.

[Read More](/reviewposts/zahnaPileOfPills.md)

### Jennifer Knapp: Kansas 25

<hr/>

_Kansas 25_ is an acoustic reimagination 25 years later of Knapp's debut album, _Kansas_. She has taken quite a journey both professionally and personally in those years. A constant is the beauty and distinctfulness of her her voice, as she lays down folk rock sound on point and on every song.

[Read More](/reviewposts/jenniferknappKansas25.md)

<hr/>

### Linkin Park: From Zero

Linkin Park explodes back onto the scene with tunes that will have fans jumping and singing along during sold out live shows.

[Read More](/reviewposts/linkinparkfromzero.md)

<hr/>

### Halflives: Inferno

Catchy and captivating tunes will have you hooked on Halflives while tension grips you until it lets you go.

[Read More](/reviewposts/halflivesReviewSpotlight.md) | [Artist Spotlight](/spotlightposts/halflivesSpotlight.md)
